pop_size			100
max_epochs			100

pursuit				0

xover_rate			0.8
mutation_rate		0.01

sparsity			0

positive_penalization .5
negative_penalization 10

hysteresis 0

regularization 0

segmentation        flux
partials_window		32768
partials_filtering	.1

extra_pitches		N

onsets_threshold 	0.1
onsets_timegate		0.1

export_solutions	0
t60					2.8
dry_wet				1 0

sound_paths ../OrchideaSOL2020
db_files ../OrchideaSOL2020.spectrum.db
orchestra Fl Fl Ob Ob ClBb ClBb Bn Bn Tr Tr Tbn Tbn Hn Hn Vn Vn Vn Vn Vn Vn Vn Vn Va Va Va Va Vc Vc Vc Cb
orchestra Ob ClBb Fl Vn Ob Vn Hn Bn
orchestra Vc Va Vn Vc Cb Bn Vn Vn
orchestra Tr Vn ClBb Tbn Vn Vc Fl
orchestra Va Hn Va Tr Vn Tbn Va
orchestra Ob ClBb Fl Vn Ob Vn Hn Bn
orchestra Vc Va Vn Vc Cb Bn Vn Vn
orchestra Tr Vn ClBb Tbn Vn Vc Fl
orchestra Va Hn Va Tr Vn Tbn Va
orchestra Ob ClBb Fl Vn Ob Vn Hn Bn
orchestra Vc Va Vn Vc Cb Bn Vn Vn
orchestra Tr Vn ClBb Tbn Vn Vc Fl
orchestra Va Hn Va Tr Vn Tbn Va
orchestra Ob ClBb Fl Vn Ob Vn Hn Bn
orchestra Vc Va Vn Vc Cb Bn Vn Vn
orchestra Tr Vn ClBb Tbn Vn Vc Fl
orchestra Va Hn Va Tr Vn Tbn Va
orchestra Ob ClBb Fl Vn Ob Vn Hn Bn
orchestra Vc Va Vn Vc Cb Bn Vn Vn
orchestra Tr Vn ClBb Tbn Vn Vc Fl
orchestra Va Hn Va Tr Vn Tbn Va
orchestra Ob ClBb Fl Vn Ob Vn Hn Bn
orchestra Vc Va Vn Vc Cb Bn Vn Vn
orchestra Tr Vn ClBb Tbn Vn Vc Fl
orchestra Va Hn Va Tr Vn Tbn Va
